feat(DRIVERS-2903): use custom aws configuration (#1743)
mongodb/specifications: source/client-side-encryption/tests/README.md

```

Expect an exception to be thrown with a message containing the substring `Upgrade`.

### 26. Custom AWS Credentials

These tests require valid AWS credentials. Refer:
[Automatic AWS Credentials](../client-side-encryption.md#automatic-credentials).

> #### Case 1: Explicit encryption with credentials and custom credential provider

Reviewer: Do you think we should test this case for auto encryption as well?  Most (all?) drivers have separate code paths for instantiating a CE object and instantiating a client configured for auto encryption.  This test only covers explicit encryption.

Author: I've added a case 3 that checks the same for auto encryption.

Create a MongoClient named `setupClient`.

Create a [ClientEncryption](../client-side-encryption.md#clientencryption) object with the following options:

```typescript
class ClientEncryptionOpts {
   keyVaultClient: <setupClient>,
   keyVaultNamespace: "keyvault.datakeys",
   kmsProviders: { "aws": { "accessKeyId": <set from environment>, "secretAccessKey": <set from environment> } },
   credentialProviders: { "aws": <default provider from AWS SDK> }
}
```

Assert that an error is thrown.

#### Case 2: Explicit encryption with custom credential provider

Create a MongoClient named `setupClient`.

Create a [ClientEncryption](../client-side-encryption.md#clientencryption) object with the following options:

```typescript
class ClientEncryptionOpts {
   keyVaultClient: <setupClient>,
   keyVaultNamespace: "keyvault.datakeys",
   kmsProviders: { "aws": {} },

>    credentialProviders: { "aws": <object/function that returns valid credentials from the environment> }

Reviewer: Is it sufficient to test that the data key is successfully created?  Credentials can already be fetched from the environment, so even if a driver didn't use the custom credential provider I'd expect this test to pass.

Is there a way we could make this test fail if the credential provider isn't used?  In Node, we can always spy on the provider but I don't think every language can do this.  Maybe we could manually implement spying by having the provider increment a call count, and then assert that callCount = 1.  Or we could use environment variables that don't match what the AWS sdk expects:
```
# these have the wrong names, aws sdk looks for ACCESS_KEY_ID and SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
process.env = {
  KEY: <key id>,
  SECRET: <secret>
}

const provider: AWSCredentialProvider = async () => {
  return {
    accessKeyId: process.env.KEY,
    secretAccessKey: process.env.SECRET
  }
}
```
(While this would work in Node, where we can re-write process.env as we wish, but I'm not sure this would be possible in other languages without a separate evergreen task that didn't load the AWS credentials into the environment.).

Reviewer: I have the same concern for the regular auth tests too.

Author: This is a really good observation and it found some issues in the Node tests. I've reworded the client encryption tests to say they must not be run in an AWS environment and use the keys from the secrets manager instead for the remote AWS KMS provider. I've also reworded the auth tests to do what you've described here - we check the call count to the custom provider, which should be possible to all drivers.

```

Expect an exception to be thrown with a message containing the substring `Upgrade`.

### 26. Custom AWS Credentials

> These tests require valid AWS credentials for the remote KMS provider via the secrets manager. These tests MUST NOT run
> inside an AWS environment that has the same credentials set in order to properly ensure the tests would fail using
> on-demand credentials.

Reviewer: Suggest mentioning which keys we expect people to use:
```suggestion
These tests require valid AWS credentials for the remote KMS provider via the secrets manager (FLE_AWS_KEY and FLE_AWS_SECRET). These tests MUST NOT run
inside an AWS environment that has the same credentials set in order to properly ensure the tests would fail using
on-demand credentials.
```

Author: Updated.

#### Case 1: Explicit encryption with credentials and custom credential provider

Create a MongoClient named `setupClient`.

Create a [ClientEncryption](../client-side-encryption.md#clientencryption) object with the following options:

```typescript
class ClientEncryptionOpts {
  keyVaultClient: <setupClient>,
  keyVaultNamespace: "keyvault.datakeys",
  kmsProviders: { "aws": { "accessKeyId": <set from secrets manager>, "secretAccessKey": <set from secrets manager> } },
  credentialProviders: { "aws": <default provider from AWS SDK> }
}
```

Assert that an error is thrown.

#### Case 2: Explicit encryption with custom credential provider

Create a MongoClient named `setupClient`.

Create a [ClientEncryption](../client-side-encryption.md#clientencryption) object with the following options:

```typescript
class ClientEncryptionOpts {
  keyVaultClient: <setupClient>,
  keyVaultNamespace: "keyvault.datakeys",
  kmsProviders: { "aws": {} },
  credentialProviders: { "aws": <object/function that returns valid credentials from the secrets manager> }
}
```

> Use the client encryption to create a datakey using the "aws" KMS provider. This should successfully load and use the

Reviewer: Suggest providing a concrete example in Node of what the provider looks like for this test, for clarity

Author: Added example in Node below this paragraph.

```

Expect an exception to be thrown with a message containing the substring `Upgrade`.

### 26. Custom AWS Credentials

These tests require valid AWS credentials for the remote KMS provider via the secrets manager (FLE_AWS_KEY and
FLE_AWS_SECRET). These tests MUST NOT run inside an AWS environment that has the same credentials set in order to
properly ensure the tests would fail using on-demand credentials.

> #### Case 1: Explicit encryption with credentials and custom credential provider

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Case 1: ClientEncryption with `credentialProviders` and incorrect `kmsProviders`
```

Suggest avoiding "Explicit encryption" since the case only creates a data key (does not call `ClientEncryption.encrypt`). Suggest noting this case uses incorrect `kmsProviders.

Create a MongoClient named `setupClient`.

Create a [ClientEncryption](../client-side-encryption.md#clientencryption) object with the following options:

```typescript
class ClientEncryptionOpts {
  keyVaultClient: <setupClient>,
  keyVaultNamespace: "keyvault.datakeys",
  kmsProviders: { "aws": { "accessKeyId": <set from secrets manager>, "secretAccessKey": <set from secrets manager> } },
  credentialProviders: { "aws": <default provider from AWS SDK> }
}
```

Assert that an error is thrown.

> #### Case 2: Explicit encryption with custom credential provider

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Case 2: ClientEncryption with `credentialProviders` works
```

  credentialProviders: { "aws": <object/function that returns valid credentials from the secrets manager> }
}
```

Use the client encryption to create a datakey using the "aws" KMS provider. This should successfully load and use the
AWS credentials that were provided by the secrets manager for the remote provider. Assert the datakey was created and
that the custom credential provider was called at least once.

An example of this in Node.js:

```typescript
import { ClientEncryption, MongoClient } from 'mongodb';

let calledCount = 0;
const masterKey = {
  region: '<aws region>',
  key: '<key for arn>'
};
const keyVaultClient = new MongoClient(process.env.MONGODB_URI);
const options = {
  keyVaultNamespace: 'keyvault.datakeys',
  kmsProviders: { aws: {} },
  credentialProviders: {
    aws: async () => {
      calledCount++;
      return {
        accessKeyId: process.env.FLE_AWS_KEY,
        secretAccessKey: process.env.FLE_AWS_SECRET
      };
    }
  }
};
const clientEncryption = new ClientEncryption(keyVaultClient, options);
const dk = await clientEncryption.createDataKey('aws', { masterKey });
expect(dk).to.be.a(Binary);
expect(calledCount).to.be.greaterThan(0);
```

> #### Case 3: Auto encryption with credentials and custom credential provider

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Case 3: AutoEncryptionOpts with `credentialProviders` and incorrect `kmsProviders`
```
